README for WikiStrain by Logan Graba - February 27, 2015

This is a Wikipedia-like application based on Mackenzie Child's tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zNouhuKaVs

Many thanks to Mackenzie Child for his succinct, accurate, and enjoyable videos on RoR development.


Versions: Ruby 2.2.0p0 Rails 4.2.0 MySQL 14.14 Distribution 5.5.41


Dependecies:

Use mysql as the database for Active Record: gem 'mysql2'

HAML: gem 'haml', '~> 4.0.6'

Bootstrap SASS: gem 'bootstrap-sass', '~> 3.3.3'

Devise: gem 'devise', '~> 3.4.1'

Simple_Form: gem 'simple_form', '~> 3.1.0'


Successes (independent from tutorial video):

- Increased familiarity with MysQL and RoR.

- Added search box, although there is probably a better way to the conditional selections for params in the controller.

- Provided logic and formatting for the number of articles in each category on the sidebar.

- Increased familiarity with bootstrap (glyphicons, navigational structure, grid structure) and SASS/SCSS.

- Acceptable workflow with integration of Git.


Things to do:

- *Find out how to write a proper README.rdoc file haha...or should I be using README.md files?

- *Add validation for category in Article Creation form.

- Allow a user to create a new category - only on Article Creation?

- *Find out why there is not a double-confirmation box for deletion of articles (There is a double-confirmation alert on PinTutorial) - Possible JQuery duplication, see http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16477927/ruby-on-rails-delete-confirmation-pop-up-dialog-displaying-twice.

- Add wysiwyg text editing for content - https://rubygems.org/gems/ckeditor looks good.

- Automatic inclusion of contextual links in one article's content to another article.

- Edit history for each article: edit time, edit changes, edit user - would it make sense to include each iteration of each article?

- Voting change popularity for agreement on changes.

- A visualization tree of article links would be fun.

Note: I need to learn a bit more about RoR before attempting some of these things hahaha. The things I really want to learn about next are asterisked above.


Note: This readme is primarily for my own purposes, as development of this application is in initial stages and for my own learning.